# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective
Conducting a focus group was a great way to interpret the user needs and inplement them into a program. After getting all of the information provided by the users, creating User Stories will give the programmers a better idea of how to turn their ideas and feedback into a program. The details provided in the User Stories will tell the programmer exactly what needs to be done in order to create the program. However, if there are any questions, the programmer can reach back out to the product owner for clarifications or any furhter specifications.
The flexability and teamwork that is incorperated with the agile process will help me in my future development work. Since I am a beginner programmer, I am hoping to learn a lot from others and the team aspect of agile would be great for that. My approach for developing programs would be to use the information provided within the User Stories. If I have any questions, I will be sure to have good communications with the product owner, and the other members of the agile team. 
To be a good team member in software development, it is important to have good communication skills. It is important to not be afraid when asking questions, since any misunderstandings could potentially put the team behind on work. Also, not critizing other team member's ideas during scrum meetings and being respectful to other members of the team at all times. A good team member will be working hard and being respectful of other team members. 
